# CS230-DrawItOrLoseIt
Software Design for Draw It or Lose It game
The Gaming Room currently has an Android game called "Draw or Lose It," which needs to work on multiple platforms. However, they also need a web-based version for their Android game. The application in which the game takes place must also have game and team names unique, where they are able to check for all the duplicates each time they create a new game or the team. The application should always check that there is only one instance of the game existing at a single time. The benefit of using these patterns and techniques with object principles is that it will efficiently manage resources where we can fulfill the clients’ requirements. The usage of inheritance is making sure that there is no code duplication, while encapsulation is making sure that the class can manage and is privately only giving the necessary methods to each other. The UML class diagram gives a relationship between different classes such as Entity, Game, Team, and Player. The Singleton pattern is being used in the Game service class which is making sure that there is only one instance of Game existing in the memory, which was the main requirement of the project. Scalability becomes an issue because the game should be able to support multiple users across different platforms. It is something very common currently because not everyone uses the same platform to access the same game. Therefore, implementing strict rules and checking for unique names in every single user session is important. The objective of this executive summary is to develop a solution in which multiple teams and players can utilize unique identifiers for their entities so that duplicate names for team and games are not allowed. The game requires that we have a unique identifier for the game, teams, and players. It is important for us to secure the communication and user data thoroughly on each platform. To design and solve this solution, the most appropriate formula to use is the Object-Oriented Principle and the design patterns such as Singleton and Iterator.
